Yeah.
Stop
broad daylight
bully
Challenge the ancestral home of the martyrs
Do you still have the law in your eyes?
Where did the untouchables come from?
Mind your own business
Do you know who I am, General Qi?
General Qiqi
You are General Qi Siming of Zhenguo
Who gave you the courage to dare to touch my Qi family army?
General Qi and the others have been retired from the army for many years
He is no longer a member of the Qi Army
They are now standing around
Useless
I'm also cleaning up and smashing for the court
Again.
General Qi, you can't touch me
I am the captain of Qiaocheng
Above me is the Dragon God Temple, Lord Dogu
If you dare to move, I will oppose the Dragon Temple
The Dragon Temple has people like you
Xuanying really belongs to the boldness of general education
Xuanying is the first god of war under the seat of Dragoness
Even the governor is afraid to call him by his first name
What are you?
Dare to offend the god of war